Update parts.md (#73805)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system-tables/parts.md

    - `YYYYMM` for automatic partitioning by month.
    - `any_string` when partitioning manually.

- `name` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) – Name of the data part. The part naming structure can be used to determine many aspects of the data, ingest, and merge patterns. The part naming format is the following:

```

> <partitionid>_<minimum_block_number>_<maximum_block_number>_<level>_<data_version>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<partition_id>_<minimum_block_number>_<maximum_block_number>_<level>_<data_version>
```

```

* Definitions:

>      - `partitionid` - identifies the partition key and possibily the interval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - `partition_id` - identifies the partition key and possibly the interval
```
